.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## What does this PR do?

<!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->

Fixes # (issue)

<!-- Please provide a loom video for visual changes to speed up reviews
 Loom Video: https://www.loom.com/
-->

## Requirement/Documentation

<!-- Please provide all documents that are important to understand the reason of that PR. -->

- If there is a requirement document, please, share it here.
- If there is a UI/UX design document, please, share it here.

## Type of change

<!-- Please delete bullets that are not relevant. -->

- Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- Chore (refactoring code, technical debt, workflow improvements)
- New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- Tests (Unit/Integration/E2E or any other test)
- This change requires a documentation update

## How should this be tested?

<!-- Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration. Write details that help to start the tests -->

- Are there environment variables that should be set?
- What are the minimal test data to have?
- What is expected (happy path) to have (input and output)?
- Any other important info that could help to test that PR

## Mandatory Tasks

- [ ] Make sure you have self-reviewed the code. A decent size PR without self-review might be rejected.

## Checklist

<!-- Remove bullet points below that don't apply to you -->

- I haven't read the [contributing guide](https://github.com/calcom/cal.com/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- My code doesn't follow the style guidelines of this project
- I haven't commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- I haven't checked if my PR needs changes to the documentation
- I haven't checked if my changes generate no new warnings
- I haven't added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- I haven't checked if new and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

Commit message:

chore: Update PR template to include more mandatory tasks (#14941)
* chore: Update PR template to include more mandatory tasks

* Add XXXX to GitHub number

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## What does this PR do?

<!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->

- Fixes #XXXX (GitHub issue number)
- Fixes CAL-XXXX (Linear issue number - should be visible at the bottom of the GitHub issue description)

<!-- Please provide a loom video for visual changes to speed up reviews
 Loom Video: https://www.loom.com/
-->

## Mandatory Tasks (DO NOT REMOVE)

- [ ] I have self-reviewed the code (A decent size PR without self-review might be rejected)
- [ ] I have added a Docs issue [here](https://github.com/calcom/docs/issues/new) if this PR makes changes that would require a [documentation change](https://docs.cal.com)
- [ ] I have added or modified automated tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works (PRs might be rejected if logical changes are not properly tested)

## How should this be tested?

<!-- Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration. Write details that help to start the tests -->

- Are there environment variables that should be set?
- What are the minimal test data to have?
- What is expected (happy path) to have (input and output)?
- Any other important info that could help to test that PR

## Checklist

<!-- Remove bullet points below that don't apply to you -->

- I haven't read the [contributing guide](https://github.com/calcom/cal.com/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- My code doesn't follow the style guidelines of this project
- I haven't commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- I haven't checked if my changes generate no new warnings
